Add fallible handlers `try_filter`, `try_map`, `try_filter_map` (#39)
p0lunin/dptree: CHANGELOG.md

 - Support for the trailing comma in the `deps` macro ([PR #37](https://github.com/teloxide/dptree/pull/37)).
 - Support for the `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target via `MaybeSend`/`MaybeSync` traits and a conditional `BoxFuture` alias ([PR #38](https://github.com/teloxide/dptree/issues/38)).
 - The `Fallible` trait (with a blanket impl for `Result<T, E>`), used by the fallible handlers to build the `Err` half of the output.

>  - Fallible handlers `try_filter`, `try_map`, `try_filter_map` (and their `_async` variants), which let a function return `Result` and short-circuit the whole handler chain with `ControlFlow::Break` on `Err` (symmetric to how `endpoint` breaks with a value). Requires the handler `Output` to implement the new `Fallible` trait.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fallible handlers `try_filter`, `try_map`, `try_filter_map` (and their `_async` variants), which let a function return `Result` and short-circuit the whole handler chain with `ControlFlow::Break` on `Err`. Requires the handler `Output` to implement the new `Fallible` trait.
 - The `Fallible` trait (with a blanket implementation for `Result<T, E>`), used by the fallible handlers to build the `Err` half of the output.
```
